hey guys I'm Heather Nichols here with
Monster Jam calm and we are here in the
stadium at the Advance Auto Parts
Monster Jam World Finals I'm here with
the driver of the lucas oil crusader
lindsay wink Lindsay what are you most
excited to see this weekend oh I think I
think first and foremost is the fans you
know these people are loyal loyal fans
to Monster Jam I'm not really that come
out to the shows in Atlanta in
Minneapolis they're from all over the
country and they came to the biggest
show of the year so like I say first and
foremost is again see our fans but then
we got an action-packed Friday and
Saturday show with the best trucks all
year I'm pretty nervous about the
competition coming up but I think if I
if I wasn't nervous I don't belong to be
here absolutely well I know next year
it's gonna be even more competition for
you we're expanding the field to 32
trucks are you excited about that does
it make you nervous how do you feel well
it's kind of tough because you know
that's Saturday now we do the one show
man that's you kind of focus on that one
day and and on the ride home you think
alright it's all done and over in time
to relax and now we have two days of it
which is it's as good for fans it breaks
it up which means we can have a that's
probably a better and more safe
racetrack and for freestyle on the next
day they can they can set up a great a
great truck because they got all day to
come up with a new combination and not
worry about ruining our race lane so I'm
excited I think it's a good idea and
it's what our sport the World Finals
defi needs to do puts a little bit more
work on everybody else but you know
we're here for the fans and we do we got
to do well for this Monster Jam World
Finals do you think you have a better
advantage in the racing or in the
Freestyle
oh man that's a tough call freestyle in
my opinion is just as so much luck you
know it could be an early early rollover
that lands back on the wheels that could
that could give you that win and if you
just don't roll over it's just not
enough momentum you're upside-down and
you're out you know it's it's such a
tough call to go through in freestyle
having said that you know we have every
intention of going out there and trying
for that win racing I've done fairly
well here I've made to the semi-finals I
don't want to get my way into the finals
and get that racing win for sure that's
the first event tonight and nothing be
greater to start by freestyle no one I
have a race win absolutely well we're so
excited to see how you do this weekend
good luck thank you very much